and when I'm welcome to Alfred pest
eldest relations this is my next project
as you sense a beat a color director
just came in this week for strip and
respray only not going to Soviet
available or blue not going to
rotisserie war this is a basic stripper
brief spray which I'll commence within
the next few weeks this car will be
shown that the all holiday at pork
spring the claritin this year August so
you will see this big capable completed
stupid respray off her photos and also
have will stand forever
as you can see how I process this car as
we walk among them you can see the
pollen source about the craze of age as
you know a big cake for models they were
sprayed in a crypt liquor
baikinman that in the 80s until nineteen
eighties 1998 they started using them to
pack as you see it's a basic clean strip
addressed great job what I'm doing is
I'm taking all the door handles off
molds mirrors wit screens or the plastic
off the car and commits to stripping
some of the areas are using as a machine
stripping some years are using a
stripper
so we are easy so we take off the paint
the only request now is seen on this car
so I will do it without any stained
glass
what we said on my facebook my youtube
for finishes for budget jobs this is a
budget strip and resprayed job for the
customer this customer owners of the
yellow drove are displayed last year and
your holiday say it's very happy it's my
last job on his trail which I've done in
2008 now he's got his big hair for
Commodore you
we commence on this job for him now
thanks very much for watching YouTube
and please keep on tab with YouTube as
I'll commence with the smarter people
thank you very much and bye for now